Orchestra. Orchestra.
Yeah, I feel like...
When I do like orchestra, like summer camp, that's when I feel like it's fun.
Yes, you know, but then like for his bill or like school stuff
(***)
Yeah, like it feels better. ha ha ha
it gives me little more (***) You and I
like even better. Yeah
(***) here (***)
But there are also people that are so (***) that could be better
(***) i feel like (***)
(***)
Orchestra rehearsal would go much smoother if everyone could play their part.
yeah yeah
Is there any orchestra around that you want to play?
ha ha ha
Yeah, me too.
But don't stay up.
Oh, the stingray.
Yeah
ha ha ha (***)
oh Definitely, definitely.
ah I feel like
I definitely agree with that. I feel like orchestra is much more fun when we're actually
doing like yeah
Yeah, but I don't think, I don't think orchestra is usually that good.
Last year we had a contemporary concert where we like
(***) so many
Yeah, it was so bad.
yeah its like uhhhh ahhhh
uhffff ahh ahhh
I was so like no yeah
Like I really don't like it when they like
When you can well you can obviously tell if they
Play your instrument or not
They asked for like ridiculous yeah
Yeah, but if it's like going into it, I like Brahms Symphony.
And then like talking to (***)
yeah
We should.
No, it's because of Frankie.
I feel like last year Jake was a little more...
like  even with the tardy
Yeah, some one  like a (***) I think that's just like
Last year, I think Kayla's friend or something showed up a couple minutes later.
Like once or twice and her her grade dropped like a whole like
She grew up on regular A,
Even knows like everyone's name
(***)
I feel like she doesn't know.
really wow yeah yeah so i think it's the person
Thank you.
Yeah, he always
i (***)i
And during my lesson because it was like me, Nathan, and then Jason.
like, is he okay? And then I just had to tell him. I was like, Pagosian.
I have not seen him in weeks, if not months.
you.